README.md, before:




## 🎰 CYBERPUNK 2077: NEON SLOT MACHINE

-A pure web-based slot machine experience set in a dystopian cyberpunk future

"Wake up, Samurai. We've got slots to spin."

A visually stunning, feature-rich slot machine game set in the dystopian world of Cyberpunk 2077. Experience the thrill of Night City with neon-drenched reels, iconic characters, and immersive cybernetic gameplay.

<!-- Game Status Badges -->
![Status](https://img.shields.io/badge/Status-Fully_Playable-00ff88?style=for-the-badge)
![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-green?style=for-the-badge)


## ✨ Features
🎮 Core Gameplay
5×3 Reel System with expanding wilds and cascading wins

2077 Ways to Win - Dynamic payline system

Neural Interface Controls - Gesture-based spinning

Cyberdeck Bonus Rounds - Hack-the-system minigames

Braindance Feature - Slow-motion big win sequences

<!-- Optional: Last Commit -->
![Last Commit](https://img.shields.io/github/last-commit/Manubyebye/ciberpunkslot)


## 🎨 Visual Experience
Neon Cyberpunk UI - Glowing interface with CRT scanlines

Holographic Symbols - 3D animated characters (Johnny Silverhand, V, Judy, etc.)

Dynamic Night City Background - Live cityscape with flying AVs

Ray Traced Reflections (PC/High-end mobile)

Cyberpsychosis Visual Effects - Distortion effects during bonus rounds


<!-- Custom Badges (replace URLs with your actual links) -->
[![Play Now](https://img.shields.io/badge/🎮-Play_Now-00ff88?style=for-the-badge)](https://cyberpunkslotdemo.netlify.app/)
[![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/badge/💻-View_Code-black?style=for-the-badge&logo=github)](https://github.com/Manubyebye/ciberpunkslot)

##
<!-- Technology Badges -->
![HTML5](https://img.shields.io/badge/HTML5-E34F26?style=for-the-badge&logo=html5&logoColor=white)
![CSS3](https://img.shields.io/badge/CSS3-1572B6?style=for-the-badge&logo=css3&logoColor=white)
![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/JavaScript-F7DF1E?style=for-the-badge&logo=javascript&logoColor=black)
![Netlify](https://img.shields.io/badge/Netlify-00C7B7?style=for-the-badge&logo=netlify&logoColor=white)

## Vistors:

<!-- Optional: Visitor Counter -->
![Visitors](https://api.visitorbadge.io/api/visitors?path=https://github.com/Manubyebye/ciberpunkslot)

Commit message:

Update README with images and license details
Added images and license information to README.

README.md, after:



<img width="500" height="500" alt="cyberpunk2044" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/a0b9ec10-6eb5-4154-8b11-d8f6dc45dbcc"/>

## 🎰 CYBERPUNK 2077: NEON SLOT MACHINE

-A pure web-based slot machine experience set in a dystopian cyberpunk future

"Wake up, Samurai. We've got slots to spin."

A visually stunning, feature-rich slot machine game set in the dystopian world of Cyberpunk 2077. Experience the thrill of Night City with neon-drenched reels, iconic characters, and immersive cybernetic gameplay.

<!-- Game Status Badges -->
![Status](https://img.shields.io/badge/Status-Fully_Playable-00ff88?style=for-the-badge)



## ✨ Features
🎮 Core Gameplay
5×3 Reel System with expanding wilds and cascading wins

2077 Ways to Win - Dynamic payline system

Neural Interface Controls - Gesture-based spinning

Cyberdeck Bonus Rounds - Hack-the-system minigames

Braindance Feature - Slow-motion big win sequences

<!-- Optional: Last Commit -->
![Last Commit](https://img.shields.io/github/last-commit/Manubyebye/ciberpunkslot)


## 🎨 Visual Experience
Neon Cyberpunk UI - Glowing interface with CRT scanlines

Holographic Symbols - 3D animated characters (Johnny Silverhand, V, Judy, etc.)

Dynamic Night City Background - Live cityscape with flying AVs

Ray Traced Reflections (PC/High-end mobile)

Cyberpsychosis Visual Effects - Distortion effects during bonus rounds


<img width="200" height="200" alt="hacker" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/c68d375f-3291-4d39-8d21-e9827cb00f9e" />
<img width="200" height="200" alt="emet" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/04eaa598-f6b9-4971-be98-3f6344b114c9" />
<img width="200" height="200" alt="conect" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/e6ba2f6c-232c-4414-a4d4-580daefeb7ad" />
<img width="200" height="200" alt="wildbonus" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/dcf33191-1437-426d-b083-663e4dfd4794" />
<img width="200" height="200" alt="robotica" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/b3bead8e-0bf3-4856-b325-17f331355bb1" />

<!-- Custom Badges (replace URLs with your actual links) -->
[![Play Now](https://img.shields.io/badge/🎮-Play_Now-00ff88?style=for-the-badge)](https://cyberpunkslotdemo.netlify.app/)
[![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/badge/💻-View_Code-black?style=for-the-badge&logo=github)](https://github.com/Manubyebye/ciberpunkslot)

##
<!-- Technology Badges -->
![HTML5](https://img.shields.io/badge/HTML5-E34F26?style=for-the-badge&logo=html5&logoColor=white)
![CSS3](https://img.shields.io/badge/CSS3-1572B6?style=for-the-badge&logo=css3&logoColor=white)
![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/JavaScript-F7DF1E?style=for-the-badge&logo=javascript&logoColor=black)
![Netlify](https://img.shields.io/badge/Netlify-00C7B7?style=for-the-badge&logo=netlify&logoColor=white)

## Vistors:

<!-- Optional: Visitor Counter -->
![Visitors](https://api.visitorbadge.io/api/visitors?path=https://github.com/Manubyebye/ciberpunkslot)

## 📄 License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the LICENSE file for details.

Disclaimer: This is a fan-made game inspired by Cyberpunk 2077. All Cyberpunk 2077 intellectual property belongs to CD Projekt Red. This project is for educational/portfolio purposes only.

![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-green?style=for-the-badge)
